README.md, before:

DSA-Demo-Library
================
A library that contains basic data structures and algorithm implementations in Java for the 
purposes of the Data Structure + Algorithms course @ FMI, SU.

## Data structure comparison
The following table summarizes what we already know about the algorithmic complexity of 
the basic operations on several data structures.


| Data structure  | Get | Append | Insert | RemoveAt  | Search | Random Access? |
|-----------------|:---:|:------:|:------:|:---------:|:------:|:------:|
| Sequential List (Dynamic Array)  | `O(1)`  | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(n)` | `O(n)` | `O(n)` | True |
| Linked List | `O(n)`  | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | `O(n)` | True |
| Stack | `O(1)`  | `O(1)` | `-` | `O(1)` | `-` | False |
| Queue | `O(1)`  | `O(1)` | `-` | `O(1)` | `-` | False |
| HashMap | `O(1)`  | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | False |
| BST | `O(log n)`  | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | True |

* Subscript <sub>A</sub> means that the complexity is amortized.

## Standard library implementations
The following table summarizes the standard implementations (if any) of several data structures
data structures in the most popular programming languages' standard libraries.


| Language  | SequentialList | LinkedList | Stack | Queue  | HashMap | Set | BST | Sorting algorithm
|-----------------|:---:|:------:|:------:|:---------:|:------:|:------:|:------:|:------:|
| C++ | `vector `  | `list` | `stack` | `queue` | `unordered_map` | `unordered_set` | `map` | `introsort` |
| Java | `ArrayList`  | `LinkedList` | `Stack` | `Queue` | `HashMap` | `HashSet` | `-` | `timsort` |
| C# | `List`  | `LinkedList` | `Stack` | `Queue` | `Dictionary` | `HashSet` | `SortedDictionary` | `introsort`
| Python | `list`  | `-` | `-` | `-` | `dict` | `set` | `OrderedDict` | `timsort` |
| JavaScript | `Array`  | `-` | `Array` | `Array` | `Object` | `-` | `-` | `NDS` |

* NDS - Not Described in Standard (i.e. the language has multiple implementations that use different algorithms)

Commit message:

Updated sorting algorithms, fixed some errors and added an excel chart.

README.md, after:

DSA-Demo-Library
================
A library that contains basic data structures and algorithm implementations in Java for the 
purposes of the Data Structure + Algorithms course @ FMI, SU.

## Cheatsheet
Quick summary of everything studied in the course + extra algorithms
can be found here - [http://bigocheatsheet.com/](http://bigocheatsheet.com/)

## Data structure comparison
The following table summarizes what we already know about the algorithmic complexity of 
the basic operations on several data structures.


| Data structure  | Get | Append | Insert | RemoveAt  | Search | Random Access? |
|-----------------|:---:|:------:|:------:|:---------:|:------:|:------:|
| Sequential List (Dynamic Array)  | `O(1)`  | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(n)` | `O(n)` | `O(n)` | True |
| Linked List | `O(n)`  | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | `O(n)` | True |
| Stack | `O(1)`  | `O(1)` | `-` | `O(1)` | `-` | False |
| Queue | `O(1)`  | `O(1)` | `-` | `O(1)` | `-` | False |
| HashMap | `O(1)`  | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(1)`<sub>A</sub> | `O(1)` | `O(1)` | False |
| BST | `O(log n)`  | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | `O(log n)` | True |

* Subscript <sub>A</sub> means that the complexity is amortized.

## Standard library implementations
The following table summarizes the standard implementations (if any) of several data structures
data structures in the most popular programming languages' standard libraries.


| Language  | SequentialList | LinkedList | Stack | Queue  | HashMap | Set | BST | Sorting algorithm
|-----------------|:---:|:------:|:------:|:---------:|:------:|:------:|:------:|:------:|
| C++ | `vector `  | `list` | `stack` | `queue` | `unordered_map` | `unordered_set` | `map` | `introsort` |
| Java | `ArrayList`  | `LinkedList` | `Stack` | `Queue` | `HashMap` | `HashSet` | `-` | `timsort` |
| C# | `List`  | `LinkedList` | `Stack` | `Queue` | `Dictionary` | `HashSet` | `SortedDictionary` | `introsort`
| Python | `list`  | `-` | `-` | `-` | `dict` | `set` | `OrderedDict` | `timsort` |
| JavaScript | `Array`  | `-` | `Array` | `Array` | `Object` | `-` | `-` | `NDS` |

* NDS - Not Described in Standard (i.e. the language has multiple implementations that use different algorithms)
