# The royal programmer - WW1 version

Due date: 23:59:59, 19th of December, 2015.

## Introduction
Precisely 100 years ago The Great War (WW1) was the main event.
After a particularly fierce offensive, by the end of the year
the Bulgarian army will have occupied most of Serbia,
pushed the French supporting forces to the South of Macedonia,
and, move into defensive positions around the so called
Thesaloniki front.

The war against Serbia was dynamic and face-paced (unlike
many of the other fronts in the same time). To make the task
of bookkeping where every soldier is currently on the front
and what's his status, tzar Ferdinand has ordered to you,
the royal programmer, to write a small program that tracks
in what battle unit ever soldier is.

Since the program will be mainly used by people who've never
seen a computer, your program should work with text. For example,
this one:

```
brigade1 = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
brigade2 = [6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]
division1 = []
brigade1 assigned to division1 # division1 == [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
brigade2 assigned to division1 # division1 == [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11]
everyone between 4 and 10 died in division1 # division1 == [1, 2, 3, 11]
brigade3 = [15, 16, 23]
brigade3 was moved to division1 after soldier 2 # division1 == [1, 2, 15, 16, 23, 3, 11]
show division1

Output: [1, 2, 15, 16, 23, 3, 11]
```
(the comments after # shows the state of the division)

## Formal definition

Your task is to implement the following Java interface:

```
public interface IFrontBookkeeper {
    String updateFront(String news);
}
```

in a class named ***exactly*** `FrontBookkeeper<fn>` where `<fn>` is your
faculty number. For example, if your faculty number is 12345:

```
public class FrontBookkeeper12345 implements IFrontBookkeeper {
    public String updateFront(String news);    
}
```

The lone method `updateFront` will accept a string in the format shown above.

### News format

The news we'll be passing to your class will one of the following types:

1. `<unit_name> = [s1, s2, ...]` - *unit assignment* - this creates a unit
with the name `<unit_name>` and lists all of its soliders.
Each of **s_i** is a integer and represents the index of some soldier.
2. `<unit1> attached to <unit2>` - *unit attachment* - from now on,
all soldiers in `<unit1>` become also a part of `<unit2>`. The soldiers
from `<unit1`> are added to the end of `<unit2>`.
***Important:***
this does not mean that the soldiers stop being part of `<unit1>`!
3. `<unit1> attached to <unit2> after soldier <soldier_id>` - *unit positional attachment* -
same as *unit attachment* but all soldiers of `<unit1>` are placed after
the soldier with identifier `<soldier_id>` instead of the end of `<unit2>`.
4. `soldiers <s1>..<s2> died from <unit> heroically` - *soldier death* - removes all
soldiers starting from `<s1>` and ending with `<s2>` (inclusive) from all units
they are currently part of. `<s1>` and `<s2>` might be the same.
To make matters easier on your side, we'll tell you
the highest-level unit that those soldiers are part of. (If **s1** and **s2** are part of
unit **x** which has been attached to unit **y**, we'll give you **y**)
5. `show <unit>` - *unit display* - displays a list of all soldiers in the given `<unit>`
6. `show soldier <soldier_id>` - *soldier display* - displays a list of all units the soldier
with the given `<soldier_id>` is in

Some additional constraints:

* Each of the news will be given on a new line.
* The total number of news will never be more than 100 000.
* The total number of soldiers will never be more than 100 000.
* The total number of units will never be more than 10 000.
* Unit names will never contain whitespace (interval, tab, etc.)
* Soldier identifiers will be unique.
* When listing the soldiers in a given unit, they'll be separated by a comma
and a single whitespace. For example - `[1, 2, 3, 4]`.
* Your output should contain one line for every `show` command. No trailing
and no leading whitespace is allowed. **Be strict** about this constraint
as your homework will be automatically checked and any difference will get you 0 points.
* Units can only be attached to **at most one** other unit. Attempts
to attach a unit a second time, should detach it from the previous one.
* Soldiers, however, can be in as many units as possible. The following example
should result in `squad, patrol, company, battalion`:
```
squad = [1]
patrol = []
company = [] 
battalion = []
squad attached to patrol # patrol becomes [1]
patrol attached to company # company becomes [1]
company attached to battalion # battalion becomes [1]
show soldier 1
```
* When a soldier dies, he should be removed from all units he's in.
* When a range of soldiers die, they'll be always specified
in the correct unit and order.
* When units are attached with a position, they'll never be attached in
the middle of another unit. For example:
```
x = [1, 2]
y = [3]
z = []
x attached to z
y attached to z after soldier 1 # this will NEVER happen, because 1 is in the middle of unit x.
# however, this is fine:
# y attached to z after soldier 2
```
* **Important: ** Soldiers which are used as range limits,
we'll probably be used more than once. In other words, if soldier `<soldier_id>`
was mentioned in one of the news (for example *unit positional attachment*) it's
highly likely he'll be mentioned again (in another *positional attachment*, *show soldier*
or *soldier death*). Use this fact to optimize your code.

Here's one really big example that shows all the options in actions.
The parts after # are comments and are not part of the
example, they are only there to improve your understanding of the problem:

#### Input

```
regiment_Stoykov = [1, 2, 3]
show regiment_Stoykov
regiment_Chaushev = [13]
show 13
division_Dimitroff = []
regiment_Stoykov attached to division_Dimitroff
regiment_Chaushev attached to division_Dimitroff
show division_Dimitroff
show 13
brigade_Ignatov = [12, 17]
regiment_Stoykov attached to brigade_Ignatov  # brigade_Ignatov == [12, 17, 1, 2, 3]
regiment_Chaushev attached to brigade_Ignatov after soldier 17 # brigade_Ignatov == [12, 17, 13, 1, 2, 3]
show brigade_Ignatov
show division_Dimitroff # both regiments detached from division_Dimitroff, so that's empty now
brigade_Ignatov attached to division_Dimitroff # division_Dimitroff == [12, 17, 13, 1, 2, 3]
show division_Dimitroff
soldiers 2..3 died in division_Dimitroff
show regiment_Stoykov
show brigade_Ignatov
show division_Dimitroff
show soldier 2 # nothing to show, he's dead, Jim
```
#### Expected output:

```
[1, 2, 3]
regiment_Chaushev
[1, 2, 3, 13]
regiment_Chaushev, division_Dimitroff
[12, 17, 13, 1, 2, 3]
[]
[12, 17, 13, 1, 2, 3]
[1]
[12, 17, 13, 1]
[12, 17, 13, 1]

```

## Grading

You are to submit a single **.zip** archive named **groupNumber.fn.hw1.zip**
where **groupNumber** is your group and **fn** is your faculty number.
Upload the archive to moodle.

This is ok: ***group1.66666.hw1.zip***

This is not: ***domashno1.rar***

Your zip archive must contain only **.java** files - no folders, no other files.

Additionally, **you'll improve your grade** by +1 if you commit your work in github
and +2 if you send us a pull a request at 
* https://github.com/NikolaDimitroff/DSA-Demo-Library for groups 1
* https://github.com/DChaushev/fmi-se-data-structures-and-algorithms-winter15 for group 2
* https://github.com/pankrator/SDA for group 4
* https://github.com/jorenca/SDA-Tasks for groups 5


We'll run your solution on several tests and compare it with ours using the following
formula:

`performance = sum(authorSolutionTime[i] / yourSolutionTime[i]) / testCount`
(`i` is for every test example)

Your marks will be assigned using this sample code:

```java
int grade = 2;
if (performance > 0.7)
    grade = 6;
else if (performance > 0.5)
    grade = 5;
else if (performance > 0.3)
    grade = 4;
else if (performance > 0.1)
    grade = 3;
```

If any of your tests gives a wrong result, you'll get 0 points for it.

If you cheat by copying your solution from a classmate or the internet, you'll get 0
points for the **ALL** tests.
